---
title: 花样的年华 我的2021
date: 2022-01-09T01:00:00-04:00
last_modified_at: 2022-01-09T01:00:00-04:00
tags:
  - 年终总结
toc: true
toc_sticky: false
---

花样的年华 月样的精神 / 冰雪样的聪明 /
募地里这孤岛 笼罩着惨雾愁云 / 惨雾愁云 /
几时我 能见那雾消云散 / 重见你 放出光明

<!--more-->

In full disclosure, my 2021 was messy, confusing, and depressing. For some reason, the lyrics match well with my state of mind. Looking back, I kept wondering if I could have done 2021 better. I mean, I moved to a new country; I started a PhD program, finally. There was so much potential, and my year was just...blank.

To be fair, it wasn't entirely blank, but it felt like it. I was so depressed, so drunk, and so lost. I walked down the street at 1 am by myself, with tears streaming down my face. I sat by the lake, smoking, and staring into space. If I summarize my 2021 with a short clip, this would be it.

Have you ever been in so much pain, you can still feel it just looking back? I can't even write this article in Chinese, because using my mother tongue to express the emotions overwhelms me. I'm grateful English grants me a new exit, an escape. Leaving doesn't always equal to hope, but at least in the moment, I don't have to be *here*.

Several things I have done right this year:
- Started therapy
- Converted to pescetarian
- Learned Spanish for 6 months
- Completed the 5k training
- Got a new piano
- Tried smoking and quit in two weeks

Next year, I have two goals:
1. Be very very gay
2. Learn French

I don't want to keep running away, so maybe this year, I'll try staying instead. If fixing it is too hard, at least face it and deal with it. 

Have a good year.

Yours,

-


{% comment %}

{% endcomment %}
